lab12.MyDate Method Example
lab12.MyDate Method get_Id
lab12.MyDate Method get_SomeConst
lab12.MyDate Method get_Day
lab12.MyDate Method set_Day
lab12.MyDate Method get_Month
lab12.MyDate Method set_Month
lab12.MyDate Method get_Year
lab12.MyDate Method set_Year
lab12.MyDate Method SetDate
lab12.MyDate Method GetSum
lab12.MyDate Method GetClassInfo
lab12.MyDate Method PrintDate
lab12.MyDate Method PrintShortDate
lab12.MyDate Method GetHashCode
lab12.MyDate Method Equals
System.Object Method ToString
System.Object Method GetType
lab12.MyDate Constructor .ctor
lab12.MyDate Constructor .ctor
lab12.MyDate Constructor .ctor
lab12.MyDate Property Id
lab12.MyDate Property SomeConst
lab12.MyDate Property Day
lab12.MyDate Property Month
lab12.MyDate Property Year
